Update to single selects (#2)
learn-co-curriculum/fewpjs-reviewing-server-communication-quiz: README.md

# Reviewing Server Communication

?: Choose which of the following IS NOT part of the process of programming "favoriting" a social media post.

> ( ) A click event on a heart icon triggers when the icon is clicked by an user.

Reviewer: I was confused by this maybe: "A click event on a heart icon triggers a function"

(X) The source HTML file is updated to display a filled-in heart icon.

> ( ) The DOM is updated to display a full heart icon.

Author: ```suggestion
( ) The DOM is updated to display a filled-in icon.
```
missed one 🤦‍♂

> ( ) The DOM is updated to display a full heart icon.

Reviewer: "filled-in" versus full (i.e. a fractional part is shown vs. 100%)

( ) A message is sent to the server when the click event runs.

?: AJAX refers to:

( ) another name for `fetch()`.
( ) a specific technology for asynchronous web programming.

> (X) the technique we use for sending and receiving data behind the scenes of a rendered web page.

Reviewer: "scenes without page refresh" (cut rest) ?

Author: Changed to

> a technique used for sending and receiving data on the web without a page refresh.

'behind the scenes' is no good imo

?: The following code represents an asynchronous block of code:

```javascript
oneFetch("http://genome.example.com/...", tonOfGeneticData => sequenceClone(tonOfGeneticData));
oneFetch("http://genome.example.com/...", tonOfGeneticData =>
  sequenceClone(tonOfGeneticData)
);
let lis = document.querySelectorAll("li");
```

(X) True ( ) False

> ?: If something goes wrong in a `fetch()` request, JavaScript will look through the calls for:

Reviewer: I'm *pretty sure* we talk about `catch()`, I'd like to keep a reference to that. I've seen students get haughty and decide catch() isn't something I have to do and then pour hours down the drain before asking help..i do that and, magic, useful error saves the day. If there's some reason to cut, LMK, but it _seems_ useful.

Author: Okay - I was removing because of a factual problem, namely: the second callback argument to then also acts as an error handler, and errors get passed through the list of callbacks in order.

I can try to write a question that tests knowledge of `catch`

Author: Added

Author: Added
